chore: update status-check icon (#2473)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/breezy-cobras-invite.md

---

> '@solid-design-system/components': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@solid-design-system/components': patch
```

---

> chore: update status-check icon and Node.js engine to ^22.14.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `status-check` icon of the `_internal` icon library.
```
